Back-End Development: 

Go to the following links: 
* Agitation Event Survey: /api/v1/agi/create
* Caregiver Daily Survey: /api/v1/survey/daily/create

# Organization of the Backend

**NOTE THAT ALL API ENDPOINTS ASSUME BASE URL OF: inertia.ece.virginia.edu**

**THE BASEURL SHOULD BE PLACED IN A VARIABLE SO THAT IT MAY EASILY BE CHANGED IF NEEDED**

The backend is organized by type of survey. There are two types of surveys that can be generated: a Caregiver Daily Survey and an Agitation Episode Survey. 

These two surveys correspond to the activities the caregiver is expected to complete using the table Android application. 

The caregiver survey has the following fields: User token, timestamp of submission, caregiver emotions, PWD emotions, PWD sleep quality. 
Of these, the posted survey will be collected data from the caregiver for the latter three fields. 
the tablet application should pass the user ID, and the timestamp will be generated by the backend. 

## Query field names
When pushing to the backend, a JSON string needs to be generated that replaces the emotions/activities with the ids from these URLS
Fields can be modified on the fly, which is especially going to be useful between deployments.
To get the names of fields recognized by the backend, run an HTTP GET request on the following links:
* Emotions: /api/v1/survey/fields/e/
* Activities: /api/v1/survey/fields/a/
* Sleep Quality: /api/v1/survey/fields/s/

### Example:
`curl "/api/v1/survey/fields/e/"`

## Query agitation surveys
**THESE ARE PROTECTED RESOURCES THAT MUST HAVE A TOKEN PASSED WITH THE REQUEST**

To get a list of agitation surveys use the following endpoints.
_note that values in brackets should be modified per request_
* `/api/v1/survey/agi/<DEPLOYMENTID>/` --> get a list of all agitation surveys from a single deployment
* `/api/v1/survey/agi/<DEPLOYMENTID>/<YYYY>/` --> get a list of all agitation surveys from year YYYY
* `/api/v1/survey/agi/<DEPLOYMENTID>/<YYYY>/<MM>/` --> get a list of all agi surveys from year YYYY and month MM
* `/api/v1/survey/agi/<DEPLOYMENTID>/<YYYY>/<MM>/<DD>/` --> get a list of all agi surveys from year YYYY, month MM, and day DD
* `/api/v1/survey/agi/<DEPLOYMENTID>/d/<SURVEYID>/` --> get a specific survey with id SURVEYID

### Example:
This example will list all Agitation surveys from deploymentid two. Note that there is permission
checking that will only allow the deployment token to view its own data

`curl -v -H "Authorization: Token <YOUR TOKEN HERE>" "inertia.ece.virginia.edu/api/v1/survey/agi/2/"`

# Android Helpful Tips

http://developer.android.com/reference/org/json/JSONObject.html
